Release 3.16.0 (#993)
GeotrekCE/Geotrek-rando-v3: docs/changelog.md

# Changelog

> ## 3.15.6 (2023-10-25)
> 
> **✨ Improvements**
> 
> - Define custom template sections for details pages #988
> 
> **📝 Documentation**
> 
> - ⚠️ The `enableMeteoWidge` in `global.json` is no longer supported, read the doc to see how to deactivate this widget on the details page
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 3.15.6 (2023-10-25)

⚠️ Breaking change ⚠️ :  The `enableMeteoWidget` in `global.json` is no longer supported. By default the widget is activated on all instances. [Read the doc](https://github.com/GeotrekCE/Geotrek-rando-v3/blob/main/docs/customization.md#html--scripts) to see how to deactivate this widget on the details page

**✨ Improvements**

- Define custom template sections for details pages #988
```

Author: If we note this version as breaking change, we need up this version to `3.16.0`.

Reviewer: True. While it is an important change because for those who disabled the forecast widget it will be reactivated, it not breaking. Maybe we should label it as a "major change" ? 

I'm not sure to well understand the versioning of Geotrek projects tbh, because if we use semantic versioning we should increment versions differently.

Author: ok a updated the whole thing as 3.16.0.
